Now let's talk
specifically about some of
the preprocessing Operations that
are used for Feature Engineering.
Let me tell you a story.
Once when I was
first starting out,
I was in a hurry
and I got the idea,
well, I can just skip
normalizing my data.
I did that. I trained my Model
and gosh, it wasn't converging.
I tried like adjusting
hyperparameters and
changing the layers of
the Model and looking for
issues with the data.
It took me a while to remember.
Oh yeah, I didn't normalize.
Meaning that had an impact.
Well, I haven't made that
particular mistake again,
but, I've made other mistakes
instead. Let's hope you don't.
First, let's go over what
we're going to be talking about.
We're going to be going into
the main Preprocessing
Operations.
Obviously this is not going
to be an exhaustive list.
There's a lot of things
you can do to data,
but we'll cover some of
the main ones anyway.
It's going to start, of course,
with Mapping raw
data into features.
Then we're going to look
at different features like
numerical features and
categorical feature.
Trying to understand how our
knowledge of the data helps
guide the way that we
transform our features and
Engineer better features.
Here's some of the main
Preprocessing Operation.
One of the most important
Preprocessing Operations
is Data cleansing,
which in broad terms consists in
eliminating or correcting
erroneous data.
You'll often need to perform
transformations on your data,
so scaling or normalizing
your numeric values, for example.
Since models, especially
neural networks,
are sensitive to the amplitude
or range of numerical features,
data preprocessing
helps Machine Learning
build better predictive Models.
Dimensionality reduction
involves reducing the number of
features by creating
lower dimension
and more robust data represents.
Feature construction
can be used to create
new features by using several
different techniques,
which we'll talk
about some of them.
This is an example of
data that we have.
We're looking at a house.
This is data from a house,
but this is only what we
start with. The raw data.
Feature Engineering
because it's in performing
an analysis of the raw data
and then creating a
feature vector from it.
For example, integer data
can be mapped to floats,
and numerical data
can be normalized.
One-hot vectors can be created
from categorical values.
Feature Engineering
creates features
from raw data and you're
probably familiar with this.
In this example,
we're going to take
a categorical feature
called Street name.
We're going to one-hot encoded as
a way to make it better
for a Model to learn from.
We're going to take
that string feature,
one-hot encoded through
Feature Engineering and we
get that feature of
our Feature Vector
through one-hot encoding.
But creating a vocabulary
is another way to do that.
There's a couple
of different ways.
Tensorflow provides three
different functions
for creating columns of
categorical vocabulary
and other frameworks
do very similar things.
Categorical column with
vocabulary lists maps
each string to an integer
based on an explicit
vocabulary lists.
Feature name is a string
which corresponds to the
categorical feature and
vocabulary list is
an ordered list that
defines vocabulary.
Feature or categorical
column with vocabulary file
very similar from
a file is used when
you have two long list
and this function
allows you to put
the words in a separate file.
In this case, vocabulary
list is defined as
a file that will you
define the list of words.
This is very typical for
working with vocabularies.
But you also know
some things about
your data and part of that might
be domain knowledge of the
domain you're working in,
or just knowledge of how to
work with different data.
There's very different operations
and preprocessing
techniques that can help
you increase the
predictive information
in say, text data.
For text, we have things
like stemming and
lemmatization and
normalization techniques
like TF-IDF and n-grams,
embeddings and that really
focuses on the semantic
value of the words.
That's something we
know as data scientists
or Machine Learning Engineers
about working with data.
Images are similar.
There's things that we
will know about how we can
improve the predictive
qualities of images.
Things like clipping them,
resizing them, cropping them,
blurring them can often
help using filters like
Canny filters or Sobel filters
or other photometric distortions.
All these things
can really help us
work with image data to improve
its predictive
quality. Key points.
Data preprocessing is a
technique that's used to
transform raw data into
useful data for
training the Model.
Feature Engineering consists in
mapping raw input
data and creating
a feature vector from it using
different techniques with
different kinds of data.
It can also include things
like mapping data from
one space into a different space,
which depending on the
characteristics of a Model,
say a linear Model
versus a neural network
can have a big difference in
how well the Model
can learn from it.